Roll! Give me a rolling sound!
Dont think I dont know that you deliberately messed up the wedding this time,
It’s because of your traditional Chinese medicine!
Ive seen it a long time ago,
You two didnt even look at each other under my nose!
Unexpectedly!
your father’s woman,
You dare to think about it!
You dont make a sound!
If I hadnt adopted you,
Youre already hungry on the street now!
Now I have become more capable,
Youre full, arent you? Youre not a ghost anymore, are you?
Not hurt anymore
I did it accidentally
Dont look
scary
Every time I see you I feel sad
This is who did it
Dont let Abba go to him
Outer God
Its quite something to be adopted.
On the road is not his biological father
That’s why I keep torturing Tian Yao
OK
Hard enough
I want to see it today
Its you whos hard
You are still the easy-going girl
certainly
I asked you not to move
You old bones
If you really take action, you may not be my opponent.
Dont finally
See so much like this